# Web Programming | Spring 2019 | HTML and CSS Warm-Up Assignment

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## File List
1. `README.md`
2. `content/content--arvo-part.txt`
3. `content/content--boards-of-canada.txt`
4. `content/content--dawn-of-midi.txt`
5. `css/reset.css`
6. `img/`

## Instructions
This is a pass-or-fail assignment that is designed to refresh your HTML and CSS skills. **No JavaScript templating engines may be used.**

Create a one-page web site using the pre-defined content from either `content--arvo-part.txt`, `content--boards-of-canada.txt`, or `content--dawn-of-midi.txt`, all of which are in the `content` folder.

Start your markup in `index.html` and create other `.html` as needed. Similarly, start your CSS in `css/style.css`. There’s no restriction on what you may do design-wise.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## Rules
* Only submit files that are required by your project: Do not submit working files, such as `.psd`, `.ai`, `.indd`, or `.sketch` files.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Place all your `.html` files in the root of this repo.
* Place all your `.css` files in the `css` folder.
* Any images you might use must go in the `img` folder.
* Load `reset.css` at the top of your style sheet stack. See the file in the `css` folder.
* Do not alter or remove any of the `.gitignore` files.

## Validate/Lint
In the first week of class, you were supposed to install all the linters and validators for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The HTML and CSS linters will be needed for this project.

* Stylelint should not generate any errors. Warnings are fine.
* The W3C should not generate any errors, either. Warnings, again, are fine.

## Due
10:00 AM on Tuesday, 26 February 2019.

## Submission
You will need to issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your fork was created. See the **Issuing Pull Requests** section of [this site](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/index.html) for help on how to submit your assignment.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. **No other form of submission will be accepted**.
